Fix up seed docs. (#869)
cakephp/migrations: docs/en/seeding.rst

Foreign Key Dependencies
========================

Often you'll find that seeds need to run in a particular order, so they don't
violate foreign key constraints. To define this order, you can implement the
``getDependencies()`` method that returns an array of seeds to run before the
current seed:

.. code-block:: php

    <?php

    use Migrations\BaseSeed;

    class ShoppingCartSeed extends BaseSeed
    {
        public function getDependencies(): array
        {
            return [
                'UserSeed',
                'ShopItemSeed'
            ];
        }

        public function run() : void
        {
            // Seed the shopping cart  after the `UserSeed` and
            // `ShopItemSeed` have been run.
        }
    }

.. note::

    Dependencies are only considered when executing all seed classes (default behavior).
    They won't be considered when running specific seed classes.

Calling a Seed from another Seed
================================

Usually when seeding, the order in which to insert the data must be respected

> to not encounter constraints violations. Since seeds are executed in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to not encounter constraint violations. Since seeds are executed in an
```
